

                    Palmtop Application Library (PAL)
                 for the HP LX series Palmtop computers
                     Copyright (c) 1995 The PAL Group.


     COPYRIGHT.  The Software is owned by The PAL Group, its
     participants and contributors, and is protected by United
     States copyright laws and international treaty provisions.
     You may not remove this copyright notice from any copy of the
     Software.

     TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND USE.

     1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the PAL
        Library as you receive it, in any medium, provided that:

        a)   All files are kept intact; and

        b)   This Copyright Notice And Disclaimer Of Warranty is
             included in all copies.

        c)   You may charge a copy fee not to exceed $10 US. This
             maximum does not apply to on-line charges for
             Bulletin Board Systems and Information Services.

     2. You may include this software or any portion of it as a
        part of other programs, and copy and distribute those
        programs in any way you see fit, both commercial and
        non-commercial, provided that you also do the following:

        a)   Cause any and all executables produced from this
             library to include the ASCII string, "Portions
             Copyright 1995, The PAL Group"; and

        b)   Include in all text documentation, both machine
             readable and printed, the text, "Portions Copyright,
             1995, The PAL Group" as part of that printed
             documentation

        c)   You may, at your option, offer warranty protection
             for any programs using this library.

     3. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, distribute or
        transfer the software except as expressly provided under
        this License.  Doing so will automatically terminate your
        rights to use the software under this License.  This
        prohibition includes, but is not limited to:

        a)   Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense,
             distribute or transfer the software; and

        b)   Inclusion of any part of this library in another
             general purpose programming library.

     4. By copying, distributing or using this software (or any
        work based on the software) you indicate your acceptance
        of this license, and all its terms and conditions.

     NO WARRANTY.  Because this software is licensed free of
     charge, there is no warranty for the software, to the extent
     permitted by applicable law.  Except when otherwise stated in
     writing the copyright holders and/or other parties provide
     the software "as is" without warranty of any kind, either
     expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the
     implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
     particular purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and
     performance of the software is with the user. Should the
     software prove defective, you assume the cost of all
     necessary servicing, repair or correction.

