PAL.NG - PAL hypertext reference
--------------------------------

The PAL library documentation file, PAL.NG, is a Norton Guides-
compatible hypertext.  This text explains what is the 'Norton
Guides', and lists 2 other options for viewing PAL.NG or other
Norton Guides-compatible hypertexts.

NOTE: To reduce the archive size, the compiled version of the
PAL NG is not included in PAL.ZIP itself - to create it, you
will need a Norton Guide compatible compiler.

Simply launch the MAKENG.BAT batch file to create the guide.
(Set the NG variable in the BAT file to NG if you have the
original Norton tools, or to EH if you have ExpertHelp from
SofSolutions)

A separate archive with the compiled version of the PAL
Norton Guide will be made available for those who don't
have a Norton Guides compiler - check for PALNG.ZIP.


What is the Norton Guides?
--------------------------

The Norton Guides (NG) from Symantec, is a programmers tool,
making available volumes of cross-referenced data at a single
keystroke.  NG operates as a TSR, and provides, via a
configurable Hotkey, hypertext help for hundreds of C, Basic,
Assembler and Pascal function descriptions, language-syntax,
Ascii charts, Keyboard scan codes, color charts, ROM Bios
Interrupts and addresses, etc.

NG makes it far easier and faster to use than manuals, for quick
info lookups while programming. The amount of information
available, and the speed and ease of finding it, is astounding.
NG can even be configured to automatically search for the
information related to the word/function at the cursor
(presumably in your editor), whenever you press the NG Hotkey.

Most NG guides also contain numerous examples, which you can
automatically paste into your editor, without having to retype.

NG also comes with a compiler that allows you to build your own
NG-compatible database.  Building a NG database is very simple,
requiring only a few keywords to be added to each topic.


What is ExpertHelp?
-------------------

In addition to the Norton Guides there are at least 2 other tools
that perform similar functionality.  Of these, ExpertHelp (EH)
is the most popular.  EH is 100% compatible with the NG, plus EH
adds the following enhancements:

*    EH supports 25/28/43/50/60 line video modes; NG supports
     only 25 line mode.
*    EH supports Global Searching, which allows you to search
     for a word/function anywhere in the database; NG only
     supports searching for specific topics.
*    EH removes all limits to the size of the databases.
*    EH has mouse support.
*    EH has a Developers Kit, at extra cost, that allows you to
     build and distribute NG databases, with an included viewer,
     at no cost to the recipients.
*    EH has a BBS from which you can download (free) over 70 NG-
     compatible databases for Borland C, Microsoft C, Assembler,
     Netware, Clipper, DBase, FoxPro, etc.

A demo of the ExpertHelp system is available on Compuserve, in
the Clipper forum library (GO CLIPPER), file EHDEMO.ZIP;  102K
bytes.  This is a full-working demo, with the only restriction
being that the demo only works for 20 minutes, then it
automatically uninstalls itself from memory.

EH requires 56K of disk space storage (not including the
hypertext databases), and 57K of RAM to run.  If you have EMS
(not XMS) memory, EH requires only 1.5K bytes of RAM.


ExpertHelp Special Offer for PAL users
--------------------------------------

For those interested in obtaining a copy of ExpertHelp, we have
worked out a deal with the EH publisher, SofSolutions for anyone
using the PAL library. Instead of the normal $129 price, you can
obtain EH (including the authoring tools, not only the viewer)
for the group price of $59 + shipping.

Just contact SofSolutions, and mention both the PAL project, and
the $59 price.  They can be reached by phone, at (402) 332-5611
(Omaha, Nebraska), by Fax at (402) 332-5617, or by Compuserve
72500,1452.


MSI-Guide - Shareware NG Viewer
-------------------------------

There is also a Shareware viewer for NG databases, MSI-Guide.
MSI-GUIDE (MSIG) is an NG database viewer with the following
additional features:

*    Like EH, MSIG supports 25/28/43/50/60 line video modes; NG
     supports only 25 line mode.
*    MSIG can 'Pop-up' over graphics screens (even the HP
     Palmtop SysMgr), which NG and EH cannot.
*    The MSIG TSR requires only 27K bytes while running, or 1K
     if you have EMS (not XMS) memory.  MSIG can also be loaded
     high.  MSIG requires 40K disk space storage (not including
     the databases).
*    MSIG has mouse support.
*    MSIG supports 10 "Bookmarks" that can be set across
     databases.

MSIG is available on the Compuserve DBADVISOR forum (GO
DBADVISOR) library;  File MSIGDS.ZIP, 47K bytes.

The registration fee for MSIG is $49.

Note that MSIG is an NG viewer only (no hypertext database
compiler), and does not come with any NG hypertext databases.

